I'm Melissa grace and this is SEMA 2012
hi my name is Jimmy Mars I'm sales
manager over Vortech supercharger we're
here at the 2012 SEMA Show in Las Vegas
here we have a new product that we've
designed for the show this is our VR z
FRS kit featuring a Vortech supercharger
of course this is a newly designed
supercharger that we have for this
application we designed it specifically
for the Scion engine it's got a billet
impeller brand-new volutes it's a b3
self lubricated super charging system so
there's no oil lines like some of the
previous models that we've had our owner
Jim Middlebrook actually designed this
kit from the ground up we got him out of
his office upstairs brought him down put
him to work we think he did an awesome
kit this thing looks factory OEM
installations we're hoping for a 40 to
50 percent horsepower increase we
haven't had any official numbers just
checked as it is a tuner kit but we will
be working on that soon we should have
that I'd say probably in about a month
or so some design features that we
actually made you have a custom in that
that we've made for this particular
application conical filter inside here
high flow filter still sucking in from
the factory Inlet we have air to air
cooler down here that'll support all the
power that this particular supercharger
will make for a nice cold air charge and
you know the actual highlights in this
kit we have some billet brackets down
here
nice Inlet tube this is a prototype tube
so we'll actually have a molded aluminum
tube for this particular application
will be casted black finish that we did
on this particular application
that's about it if you like to find some
more information you can go to Vortech
supercharger comm WWE or Tech
superchargers